Idiom you promised me
You will do it, right?
I knew it!
You are the best to me
What I just said still counts
As long as you tell me
Buckwheat vegetables everything in this store
Take your pick.
I want that dress just now
No, that skirt just now
It's what I'm going to wear to the Albert Awards
It's just a nomination.
I feel like I'm going to win
With my qualifications and abilities
Among those nominated
There are a few that can compare to me
How can someone who is looking for an advocate be so confident?
It won't be Lu Chengyu
It should be fixed for you.
These things have nothing to do with you
You tell me where the buckwheat is
You just said
I can pick out everything in this store
Yeah that's good
I want everything in this store